Update education at team.md (#19)
polyquantique/polyquantique.github.io: team.md

     height="90"
     style="float: left; margin-right: 10px;" /> **Gisell Lorena Osorio**. \
Ph.D. candidate, [Engineering Physics](https://www.polymtl.ca/phys/), [Polytechnique Montréal](https://www.polymtl.ca). \

> Graduated from the Ensenada Center for Scientific Research and Higher Education (CICESE, Mexico) with an MSc. in optics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Graduated from the Ensenada Center for Scientific Research and Higher Education (CICESE, Mexico) with an M.Sc. in optics. 
```
